Iceberg registering in github actions (#582)
hpi-swa/smalltalkCI: README.md

  #passwordEnvVar : 'GITHUB_TOKEN',                   // Environment variable containing the password used for authentication
  #useLatestMetacello : true,                         // Upgrade Metacello before loading
  #version : '1.0.0'                                  // Define MC version (for MC Configurations only)

>   #usesIceberg : true				      // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should call this `#usesIceberg` because it is a bit vague. Should we rename this to `#registerInIceberg`, which seems to be more descriptive if I look at what the `preLoad` hook does. What do you think?

Author: I thought something similar, albeit longer than yours which I like.
This is particularly more true with all @theseion corrections.
Okay with you @theseion ?
(I have to modify the text representation of the code because Pharo wants to commit way too much stuff, so I'd rather not redo it a 4th time :D)

Reviewer 2: Yes, I fully agree.

>   #usesIceberg : true				      // Pharo Only | Enable the Iceberg registering for the tested repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  #usesIceberg : true				      // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg
```

>   #registerInIceberg : true                           // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg

Reviewer: To be consistent, it should probably read:
```suggestion
  #registerInIceberg : true                           // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository in Iceberg
```

  #passwordEnvVar : 'GITHUB_TOKEN',                   // Environment variable containing the password used for authentication
  #useLatestMetacello : true,                         // Upgrade Metacello before loading
  #version : '1.0.0'                                  // Define MC version (for MC Configurations only)

>   #registerInIceberg : true			// Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg

Reviewer 2: Sorry for the hassle. My last change request didn't quite show what I wanted it to, which is to align the comments properly. I think the issue is that there are tabs in that line, the other lines contain only spaces. Let me try again:
```suggestion
  #registerInIceberg : true                           // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg
```

Author: No worry, you did all the work there, just have to click one button ;)

>   #registerInIceberg : true				      // Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  #registerInIceberg : true			// Pharo Only | Register the tested repository with Iceberg
```
